= todo *maybe* =

change download location :|

the green flashing thing [other improvements from gdigrab?] :)

windows 8 scaling stuff DPI...

can read from an ini file
  split the default from max fps so people can understand it :)
  
some TODO's may be on the "ffmpeg possible improvements for moi" spreadsheet...

OBS thing

windows 8 super grab [unless OBS gives us that for free :) ]'

follow_mouse option :)

preview current button is broken

cleanup video options move them all together somehow.
provide an image snapshot of the current video input on the options pane...

several I think github thingers, including lib264rgb
  crf 0 option
  
= maybe =

"record audio" needs to be separate folder'ish...or at least second on the list...

it needs to show some type of preview while it records, really...

awful experience recording a skype call with double audio...

closing to cancel "select screen capture window" closes entire program

get fps possibilities from device.

install checkbox for "run it" since there are no desktop icons

reveal files button doesn't work unicode...

the 'trust video timestamps' as an option

x'ing out of the window overlay kills us :)

pull the piping stuff so that it can save to .wav again, report to ffmpeg, replace with just a query prompt :)

move to jruby 1.9 mode LOL

accept two video inputs too :)

the text for 'resizing it up for you' seems odd, confusing, and repeats itself 4 times
  do I even really need it anymore/currently?
    if yes, a checkbox 'automatically resize this thing!' would be nice :)
  do I need them anymore, really?  can vlc at least...like...stream it?
  does mplayer work with odds in stride?
    update scripts to not be so aggressive in adding it to multiple of 8?
  flash dies with odd numbers, at least...that's prolly good nuff then, just round up to 2 for now, prolly not even tell them...

floating window (after I have the green box LOL)

awesome-ize the mouse while it's going (splashes? trails?)

record the second display of a PC (option? default?)

add changes from ffmpeg's setting working one gdi-grab :)

record directx boxes too LOL.  hmm...
  adding the windows 8 "thingermajigger" might be enough instead...good nuff for me?
  maybe other options http://stackoverflow.com/a/10104439/32453 but hard? (those freak-o things mentioned...)
  obs capturer?
  
make downloads from my "real fast server"

transfer from ffmpeg list some todo's, to here...and vice versa?

is there an alternative to Bitblt that works in FF flash?

add the "super fast windows 8 grabber" ?
  is there a "notify me" option in win 8, for decreasing latency?

doesn't work with skype?

doesn't work with google plus hangouts? huh wuh?

could make dedupe cooler, possibly by taking 8-bit snapshots first and md5'ing those to know if changes have happened "anywhere"
  nobody uses it tho, and an ffmpeg dedupe might be better...
  
@VLC: you can't stream such and such? whatever pierre couldn't do, or something like it?
  do I need to still round up by 4's? what about 32 bit? hmm...
  do I need to complain to vlc?

somebody asked for an OS X version, did they? gdigrab maybe, in ffmpeg, keep the same gui?

test i420 with like non divisible by 2's...also non divisible by 4's?

some "save your config, have multiple, can switch"
  some option "switch dynamically/on the fly" :)

custom built ffmpeg so smaller

counteract this: comments on http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd144879(v=vs.85).aspx
  even for i420 LOL

VLC refuses it if I request a hxw of 100x100? my problem, or theirs? ffmpeg too?

real icon, upper left [yikes!]

it should detect early out ffmpeg's

optional "surrounding window" to know when/what it's recording...
  without being able to move it, for now :)

optional preview while recording?

"after this many seconds max"

allow setting fps?

make the main window transparent?

use a saner default location than "temp" 
  "my movies" instead, and with a better name than 1.mp4, like 'screen-capture-recording-1.mp4'

minimize to tray on start? (before start uh guess)
  later with a way to know when actual recording begins, so you can turn the icon green at that point?

easier configure the screen capture recorder somehow...
  also does it need the "resize to 2" for ffmpeg

prompt if want to name files after recording/settings

test my screen capture "with dual monitor in several positions" to see if it ever captures just black...or lookup that one bug report about it where it captured scrambled data?
  possible fix: enumerate and capture all monitors
  
do I want the default to be all monitors?
  
"sensible defaults" (just mine uh guess, for video)
  don't I already have some?

the "set them up elsewise" -> prompt "do you want to set them up" that works LOL.
  and should come right after selecting video dropdown...

mouse scaling is broken with "auto-scaling". Which makes sense.

can select video codec (any?) then muxer
  huffyuv vs. qtrle?
  "1080p" x264 presets, since they degrade nicely and *everybody* 
   -vcodec libx264 -s hd720 -preset ultrafast
    just output sizes I guess, for this one...

"recorded to" only after they've *recorded* something...
  also there's a V in there.
  "recorded to: 20.mp3, from: screen-capture-recorder"

needs at least an option to minimize on record.

make it as fast as VCH DH or whatever it is (57 to 43 %)...might not be easy LOL

display url on minimize audio broadcaster

able to record the login screen as well LOL oh boy...do you have to be a service to be able to do that though? I bet you do...or possibly just running with elevated privileges?

title should always show the "next" filename...

prompt "do you want to limit the recording to a certain amount of time?"

just one window with all the options and their respective drop boxes next to them. 

make myself into an FFsplit competitor :)

use google code, not sourceforge (and audio too)

preview window

can overlay camera

can capture multiple audio "into 1"

can capture 5.1 [?]

== maybe ==

some way to tell if the audio device you choose is actually working/the right mic ...
  or checkboxes to record all of them LOL

the 'q' message might be going to the wrong process [?] and resulting in too early of termination?

installer: assert that regsvr32 works...

multiple...devices that show up like "skype recorder" "full screen"
  I suppose they'd have to detect, track hwnd's wouldn't they?

in the options window, show the volume level of various ones, and pictures snapshots for video...

ffmpeg  -s vga -f dshow -i video="screen-capture-recorder" fails?

research streaming to youtube/google plus...

smaller download somehow, 30MB seems extreme...

test it with google hangouts

configure "per exe"

it should check to see when it actually starts recording...
new button "record with window" to UI...

why did it jump in size recently?

better icon for all apps

re-use explorer windows

DX10 et al input taksi

should output command to console, check that ffmpeg doesn't just immediately fail LOL

"stop on restore" option I guess. pre restore hook?

experiment with streaming to justin, ustream

a "show preview" option, with simple SDL out
  fix it within FFmpeg

"input sizes" prompt (if/once ffmpeg supports pix_fmt, them too)

de-dupe: uses crc32 or something *faster* (adler, murmurhash) :P

real web page

compare all video codecs for movies, screencast somehow LOL.

virtualdub has wrong/messed up fps? huh?

fix ffmpeg to actually *work* with audio LOL

a "make mouse fantabulous" option [?]

== never ==

somehow tie into a mirror driver for insta change detection, or something like that...
  better polling mechanism?
  
add self to skype app store (and record easily skype...)

add arcadia screen marker, make it an option to turn on/off.

include option "window within a window?" then tell them to ask me to implement it LOL

compare ffmpeg -s hd720 to my own local rescaling of the thing...

make i420 come from 16 bit for added speed LOL.

fix "stop after timing" button stuff, probably just do it local.

"stream to destination" LOL

saving to a slow disk I don't think it can keep up, audio gets messed?
  also does audio get out of sync?
  fix all these LOL

determine if getDIBIts gives you them in "bmp 0x003" format [to i420 method?]
  check if i420 works on divisible by 2, but not 4.  And doesn't cause a diagonal line :P

include avisynth, and its one demo script LOL.

test vcam/pushsource with expression encoder, fresh install? vm?

can capture several video incoming streams, too, in case you want to capture webcam (as a separate video stream whoa!)

make jruby startup faster LOL

repro "tearing", repro CAPTUREBLT helping, ask msdn

only download/install MSVCRT if absent.

@VLC "make it more reliable for streaming asynchronous non standard incoming stuff, plz?"

figure out how to start ffmpeg "instantaneously" or "restart it" or something, anything, to speedup start time yikes. (make it smaller?)

check if uscreencapture uses some direct3d funky capture fella
  is direct3d funky even faster? huh? is this just for games? I can't imagine it working for XP...

I may "need" to do some phreaky d3d screen capture to get it be fast enough with aero windows 8.  Hope not though. (I hope it lets me capture more quickly...)

LODO can I somehow BitBlt into the graphics card to save speed somehow? Or negotiate it so that pData points straight into the gpu?

check if libswscale would be "faster" than using windows' own resizing methods. Yikes if it is LOL.

multi thread so that it can do BitBlt while "the other one" is doing memcpy etc. LOL

advertise mine on google results for "stream desktop to tv" LOL

test in google plus

fix the tearing/shearing bug?
  just log the emails I saw on it
  that one "famous email" and then one other saw it...
  ask them why CAPTUREBLT might help...

better...reg names [explicit, with default]
TODO: beat 15 fps in windows 7/8/ask about it msdn etc. too

use dibsection+-memcpy? might need "funky" line stuff...hmm...does it though? what is going on there? (+ 31)/32 but I don't seem to experience failures with i420? or do I?
use drawdibdraw for speed?

skype hack so it will show in the preview LOL.

"follow mouse" option LOL

"yellow circle around mouse" option LOL

increase priority when capturing?
  optionally?

try "setting time for one frame in the future"
  seemed to fail
  
  or figure out if I can even get better than 15 fps at all.
  
don't use getDIBits [raw memcpy?] if we already match the right stuff. Oh wait getDIBits is probably already optimized for this case so we might not gain
anything, plus, this is a teeny overhead, compared to aero at least.

ask what I should *really* do waiting-wise here...

install 64 bit-ter with 32 always...sure :P

scale with DirectX. Not. LOL.

catch hard crash when writing to the reg

some super dumb-easy way to record the screen.
  "resize this window, and go!" with ability to stop--basically for recording films, etc.

16 bit javaw.exe doesn't seem "present" for 64 bit machines. what? nor java.exe?

can "smart poll" to know when it should switch to/grab the next frame [yeah right]
  like sample subsections to look for change LOL
  1/3rd the time, up front dedup [I guess this is the most efficient place to look for dupe's...]
    except it doesn't cost much so why not...100 fps? or poll [prolly not]?
  also why...does it seem to drag like that when upscaling? Is upconverting maxing out a core?
  
start green overlay flashing when ffmpeg actually starts LOL
  plus "start pause" synchro LOL.

prompt for filename "after"
  make audio "device only" ?
    new icon "record audio only" ?
	
@ffmpeg can you capture realtime?
  maybe pipe through avisynth and it can for now?
    also for audio as a work around for now...hmm...

nextsprocket my citrix competitor LOL, no good.
 though shared virtualbox boxes might work just as well...
 on online.net
    I don't know if I could ever compete. bad idea.

can ffmpeg be forced to "drop all them other frames, just chose the latest"? to keep up? does it keep up?

force them to have java installed first :P
delete storage file on uninstall

"issues"

qtrle ?

fix sound crackling <sniff>

easy streamer setter-upper with VLC [?] ffmpeg?
  ask if you want to beep after it's done...
  tell how to setup record what you hear, if initial fails (instructions)
  rename record what you hear.
  @VLC doesn't play itself
   huh? figure out?
  ping instructions
  looks like VLC for now until ffmpeg has qtcapture et al...
    hmm mac is somewhat of an enigma...
  uPnP ?
    never

  find a good default encoding with high video fps or the like
    qtrle
      16 bit?
  add encodings dropdown
    options "encode with this, then really encode using that"

dropdowns for selecting an audio side by side the video
  @audio "here's how to have both:" plus instructions from http://camstudio.org/forum/discussion/33/waveoutgetselectcontrol-failed/p2

can do "start", "stop" with audio + video
  just audio
    note it in the other project

can use hwnd dorectly.
  double check stats when using versus not.
  should work when dragged too...?

do we/should we re-encode after the capture?
  what's the second best [available] for capture after huffyuv?
  check mjpeg, mpeg4 video, others mentioned
  maybe there are slightly lossy ones that work well?
  x264 low compression or what not? high speed x264?

bounty ffserver windows [?]

a "test via snapshot" method

add a "start infinite mirror" helper app :P

it should default to 24 bit I guess, always

== maybe/never ==
@TODO: screen capture needs a real "window"
@TODO: screen capture: provide a demo VLC streaming example command line and/or saving it to disk

@TODO: when they hold down "x" it highlights the mouse
@TODO: it can follow the mouse, too

benchmark full screen speed, too.

use sox to combine audio [?]

http://superuser.com/questions/6801/what-is-the-best-software-for-desktop-recording
  check for ideas

bounty audio mixer ffmpeg, offer to help :P
  
try out red5 :P

  do I "need" a BI_BITFIELDS even? make it optional? 32-bit?
  
  system tray "start" "stop"
  prompt for filename after

"reset all" option

ask why ffmpeg -f dshow -i video=...:audio= stutters
  fix it
  
bounty camstudio encoding codec ffmpeg
  gzip

create the "amazing morpher/sweet broadcasting dshow input"
  it can have checkmarks for "on/off" of one way, I guess.
  AviSynth input, with ffmpeg input into that LOL.

https://github.com/Kovensky/mplayer-kovensky.git 

Another way is to directly manipulate the desktop bitmap in the Video Memory if enough memory is available as provided by DirectDraw.  http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cs/DesktopCaptureWithMouse.aspx hmm

  [blacky check if memcpy would be useful...]
    check on compression sizes

integrate with a mirror display driver, and somehow...have a codec that just describes diffs, I guess? That's the VNC codec in a pinch LOL.

a "wait until this bit is flipped to start" option :P

ps3ms integration [with XBMC to test it [?]]
  tell them to use ffmpeg :P
  tell them they can become a playon.tv competitor!
  tell them to support wii browsing/playback :P

slider for audio/video quality

split pins up so that, in essence, the incoming guy can select his fps on the fly.
  if this is the only way, if this is "how" ffmpeg and VLC would use it to choose the right pin.
  I assume other properties are unsettable, basically, or something?

detect slow aero, tell them how to fix it :)

release "just the device" as an installable, or maybe just tell people they can use it/leverage it...

internally it can "stretch" or "downstretch" [except ffmpeg can just do that so...no big win there but hey :P]
  could save a bit of cpu time if we could capture that way, or do it earlier rather than later.
  just do naive sampling for now [?] maybe use some stretch function?
    +- optimized stretching [my own naive local]
    if they want non-naive then let them do that downstream
  "high quality scaling"

a way to "ignore" duplicates...
  doing this earlier could save some other [memcpy's] and processing time...

ideas from camstudio
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDiGO0clUY4
  etc. etc.

@ffmpeg: suggest tcmalloc (linux/windows?)

it can "draw" all over the main monitor on the fly optionally when recording.

it can pause to control start time more precisely...
  or at least have some output so they can tell when it really begins
  little green arrow/indicator for when ffmpeg actually has started for sure maybe?

it can have caption lists.

it can "post-re-encode" to something friendlier [x264?]

it can "remaster" videos by recording over them [?] to add captions et al?
  or maybe at least um...some way to add captions post fact...hmmm...

it should display 30 pins, one for each fps  :P
  maybe some for 0.5 fps too?
  convenient to save cpu in certain situations, slightly more cross program-zy ease
  at least I think ffmpeg would use this, possibly vlc too?

bounty lagarith ffmpeg [?]

Mouse highlighting.
Active window tracking (with automatic pan & zoom). The filter tracks the active window and smoothly adjusts the capture area for a more dynamic presentation experience.
Automatic background fill for inactive areas. The area behind an active window can be filled with color to focus more attention on the active windows.
High-quality real-time window scaling.Multi-display configurations support.
Overalapped window capturing.
